# Assumptions:

- Matches can only have non-negative integer scores
- Matches have an upper limit on a number of goals scored. The highest recorder score for a team was about 150 goals, so using 1000 as the top limit seems like a reasonable initial guess. Anything larger than that raises a validation error, as it is almost certainly an input mistake.
- Scoreboard should not allow to start a match for the same team twice. To enforce this, we store not only a list of matches but also a list of individual teams playing. This introduces a bit of redundancy in stored data but allows for quicker and simpler checks.
- Order of teams (home / away) does not matter when querying the scoreboard for a single game. After all, Austria vs Greece is the same as Greece vs Austria in currently played matches, right?
- Despite the requirements specifying that match results should be reported in the "Argentina 3 - Australia 1" format, I decided to output them in a slighly more familiar "Argentina 3:1 Australia" format. This was a conscious decisionand and can be easily reverted if not accepted by the project owner. ;)
- Since, the summary of current matches is returned as a string, there should be an upper limit on the number of lines to ensure readability. We can assume a 20, as it seems to be a lower limit for CLI apps. To retrieve all current matches from the scoreboard, we could implement pagination. For example, `summary(max_lines=20, paginate=True)` could return a list of 20-line strings or `summary(max_lines=20, start_from=60)` for a single 20-line long string starting from the 60th match record.
- I considered enforcing a rule to prevent lowering the score of an ongoing match but realized it can happen. For example, a referee might invalidate a goal after reviewing VAR. If any form of rule enforcement is to be implemented here, it would require careful consideration.